ARRAYLIST
-----------
1.program to create a new array list, add some colors (string) and print out the collection.

2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a array list. 

3. Write a Java program to insert an element into the array list at the first position. 

4. Write a Java program to retrieve an element (at a specified index) from a given array list. 

5. Write a Java program to update specific array element by given element. 

6. Write a Java program to search an element in a array list. 

7. Write a Java program to sort a given array list. 

8. Write a Java program to copy one array list into another.

9. Write a Java program to reverse elements in a array list. 

10. Write a Java program to compare two array lists. 

11. Write a Java program of swap two elements in an array list. 

12. Write a Java program to replace the second element of a ArrayList with the specified element. 

LinkedList Exercises
---------------------
1. Write a Java program to append the specified element to the end of a linked list. 

2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a linked list. 

3. Write a Java program to iterate a linked list in reverse order. 

4. Write a Java program to insert the specified element at the specified position in the linked list. 

5. Write a Java program to insert elements into the linked list at the first and last position. 

6. Write a Java program to display the elements and their positions in a linked list.

7. Write a Java program to remove a specified element from a linked list.

8. Write a Java program to remove first and last element from a linked list. 

9. Write a Java program to SWAP the elements in a linked list. 

10. Write a Java program to join two linked lists.

11. Write a Java program to remove and return the first element of a linked list. 

12. Write a Java program to convert a linked list to array list.

13. Write a Java program to compare two linked lists. 


HashSet Exercises
-------------------
1. Write a Java program to append the specified element to the end of a hash set.

2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a hash list. 

3. Write a Java program to clone a hash set to another hash set. 

4. Write a Java program to convert a hash set to an array. 

5. Write a Java program to convert a hash set to a tree set.

6. Write a Java program to convert a hash set to a List/ArrayList. 

7. Write a Java program to compare two sets and retain elements which are same on both sets.

TreeSet Exercises 
--------------------
1. Write a Java program to create a new tree set, add some colors (string) and print out the tree set.

2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in a tree set.

3. Write a Java program to add all the elements of a specified tree set to another tree set.

4. Write a Java program to create a reverse order view of the elements contained in a given tree set.

5. Write a Java program to get the first and last elements in a tree set. 

6. Write a Java program to clone a tree set list to another tree set.

7. Write a Java program to get the element in a tree set which is less than or equal to the given element. 


PriorityQueue Exercises 
--------------------------
1. Write a Java program to create a new priority queue, add some colors (string) and print out the elements of the priority queue. 

2. Write a Java program to iterate through all elements in priority queue. 

3. Write a Java program to add all the elements of a priority queue to another priority queue. 

4. Write a Java program to count the number of elements in a priority queue.

5. Write a Java program to compare two priority queues. 

6. Write a Java program to convert a priority queue to an array containing all of the elements of the queue.

